Add visualization for AM dataset cards. (#97)
ArneBinder/pie-datasets: dataset_builders/pie/abstrct/README.md

(Mayer et al. 2020, p.2110)

#### Examples

![Examples](img/abstr-sam.png)

### Document Converters

The dataset provides document converters for the following target document types:

> - `pytorch_ie.documents.TextDocumentWithLabeledSpansAndBinaryRelations`
>   - `LabeledSpans`, converted from `BratDocumentWithMergedSpans`'s `spans`
>     - labels: `MajorClaim`, `Claim`, `Premise`
>   - `BinraryRelations`, converted from `BratDocumentWithMergedSpans`'s `relations`
>     - labels:  `Support`, `Partial-Attack`, `Attack`

Reviewer: The annotation types / layers got mixed up again. Maybe sth like this: 
```suggestion
- `pytorch_ie.documents.TextDocumentWithLabeledSpansAndBinaryRelations` with the following annotation layers:
  - `labeled_spans` consisting of `LabeledSpan` annotations, converted from `BratDocumentWithMergedSpans`'s `spans`
    - labels: `MajorClaim`, `Claim`, `Premise`
  - ...
```

Reviewer: fixed in b1bcb12ef0d263d4511373c2be820f1ffa258a21
